John Brzenk (born July 15, 1964) is a professional armwrestler from the United States. He competes in the Ultimate Armwrestling League, is the current UAL Right-Handed Champion (Heavyweight Division). He won the 2015 World Armwrestling League right handed Heavyweight championship. Among experts Brzenk is widely regarded, and was also officially named by the Guinness Book of World Records, as the "Greatest Armwrestler of All Time".

John Brzenk's father was an arm wrestler and Brzenk says he gained some of his forearm size through genetics. He arm wrestled across tables in school for about five years. When he was in eighth grade, he broke his arm while armwrestling a friend of his father. When he was 16 years old he participated in his first tournament. He gained the name "Giant Crusher" for his ability to pin opponents twice his size.

Brzenk won his first world title on ABC's 1983 Wide World of Sports when he was 18 years old. His right forearm is 16 inches in circumference, and his left is 13.5 inches. The heaviest opponent he faced weighed 660 lbs, whom he defeated. In his entire career John has only lost a single supermatch once, and only a handful of people have ever beaten him, which only happened later in his career when he was of advanced age. The most noted of them are Devon Larratt and Alexey Voyevoda. Aside from arm wrestling, he works as a mechanic at Delta Air Lines. He says the job is non-physical so his arms get plenty of rest. During his career he has competed for upwards of USD$80 000 at times.

Brzenk won four world championships in the heavyweight division through 1994, and gained the nickname of "Superman" for defeating much larger opponents. In 1995, he won the middleweight world championship. He had an uncredited cameo in the 1987 Sylvester Stallone film Over the Top. The feature documentary "Pulling John", directed by Vassiliki Khonsari and Sevan Matossian, produced by Navid Khonsari, chronicles Brzenk's legendary armwrestling career and follows him intimately for 4 years during which he competes all over the world, while considering retiring.

